It was a beautiful spring day in Adua, and the sun shone pleasantly through the branches of the aromatic cedar, casting a dappled shade on the players beneath. A pleasing breeze fluttered through the courtyard, so the cards were clutched tightly or weighted down with glasses or coins. Birds twittered from the trees, and the shears of a gardener clacked across from the far side of the lawn, making faint, agreeable echoes against the tall white buildings of the quadrangle. Whether or not the players found the large sum of money in the centre of the table pleasant depended, of course, on the cards they held. Captain Jezal dan Luthar certainly liked it. He had discovered an uncanny talent for the game since he gained his commission in the King's Own, a talent which he had used to win large sums of money from his comrades. He didn't really need the money, of course, coming from such a wealthy family, but it had allowed him to maintain an illusion of thrift while spending like a sailor. Whenever Jezal went home, his father bored everyone on the subject of his good fiscal planning, and had rewarded him by buying his Captaincy just six months ago. His brothers had not been happy. Yes, the money was certainly useful, and there's nothing half so amusing as humiliating one's closest friends. Jezal half sat, half lay back on his bench with one leg stretched out, and allowed his eyes to wander over the other players. Major West had rocked his chair so far onto its back legs that he looked in imminent danger of tipping over entirely. He was holding his glass up to the sun, admiring the way that the light filtered through the amber spirit inside. He had a faint, mysterious smile which seemed to say, 'I am not a nobleman, and may be your social inferior, but I won a Contest and the King's favour on the battlefield and that makes me the better man, so you children will damn well do as I say.' He was out of this hand though, and, in Jezal's opinion, far too cautious with his money anyway. Lieutenant Kaspa was sitting forward, frowning and scratching his sandy beard, staring intently at his cards as though they were sums he didn't understand. He was a good-humoured young man but an oaf of a card player, and was always most appreciative when Jezal bought him drinks with his own money. Still, he could well afford to lose it: his father was one of the biggest landowners in the Union. Jezal had often observed that the ever so slightly stupid will act more stupidly in clever company. Having lost the high ground already they scramble eagerly for the position of likeable idiot, stay out of arguments they will only lose, and can hence be everyone's friend. Kaspa's look of baffled concentration seemed to say, 'I am not clever, but honest and likeable, which is much more important. Cleverness is overrated. Oh, and I'm very, very rich, so everyone likes me regardless.' 'I believe I'll stay with you,' said Kaspa, and tossed a small stack of silver coins onto the table. They broke and flashed in the sun with a cheerful jingle. Jezal absently added up the total in his head. A new uniform perhaps? Kaspa always got a little quivery when he really held good cards, and he was not trembling now. To say that he was bluffing was to give him far too much credit; more likely he was simply bored with sitting out. Jezal had no doubt that he would fold up like a cheap tent on the next round of betting. Lieutenant Jalenhorm scowled and tossed his cards onto the able. 'I've had nothing but shit today!' he rumbled. He sat back in his chair and hunched his brawny shoulders with a frown that aid, 'I am big and manly, and have a quick temper, so I should be treated with respect by everyone.' Respect was precisely what Jezal never gave him at the card table. A bad temper might be useful in a fight, but it's a liability where money is concerned, it was a shame his hand hadn't been a little better, or Jezal could've allied him out of half his pay. Jalenhorm drained his glass and reached for the bottle. That just left Brint, the youngest and poorest of the group. He licked his lips with an expression at once careful and slightly desperate, an expression which seemed to say, 'I am not young or poor. I can afford to lose this money. I am every bit as important as the rest of you.' He had a lot of money today; perhaps his allowance had just come in. Perhaps that was all he had to live on for the next couple of months. Jezal planned to take that money away from him and waste it all on women and drink. He had to stop himself giggling at the thought. He could giggle when he'd won the hand. Brint sat back and considered carefully. He might be some time making his decision, so Jezal took his pipe from the table. He lit it at the lamp provided especially for that purpose and blew ragged smoke rings up into the branches of the cedar. He wasn't half as good at smoking as he was at cards, unfortunately, and most of the rings were no more than ugly puffs of yellow-brown vapour. If he was being completely honest, he didn't really enjoy smoking. It made him feel a bit sick, but it was very fashionable and very expensive, and Jezal would be damned if he would miss out on something fashionable just because he didn't like it. Besides, his father had bought him a beautiful ivory pipe the last time he was in the city, and it looked very well on him. His brothers had not been happy about that either, come to think of it. 'I'm in,' said Brint. Jezal swung his leg off the bench. 'Then I raise you a hundred marks or so.' He shoved his whole stack into the centre of the table. West sucked air through his teeth. A coin fell from the top of the pile, landed on its edge and rolled along the wood. It dropped to the flags beneath with the unmistakeable sound of falling money. The head of the gardener on the other side of the lawn snapped up instinctively, before he returned to his clipping of the grass. Kaspa shoved his cards away as though they were burning his fingers and shook his head. 'Damn it but I'm an oaf of a card player,' he lamented, and leaned back against the rough brown trunk of the tree. Jezal stared straight at Lieutenant Brint, a slight smile on his face, giving nothing away. 'He's bluffing,' rumbled Jalenhorm, 'don't let him push you around, Brint.' 'Don't do it, Lieutenant,' said West, but Jezal knew he would. He had to look as if he could afford to lose. Brint didn't hesitate, he pushed all his own coins in with a careless flourish. 'That's a hundred, give or take.' Brint was trying his hardest to sound masterful in front of the older officers, but his voice had a charming note of hysteria. 'Good enough,' said Jezal, 'we're all friends here. What do you have, Lieutenant?' 'I have earth.' Brint's eyes had a slightly feverish look to them as he showed his cards to the group. Jezal savoured the tense atmosphere. He frowned, shrugged, raised his eyebrows. He scratched his head thoughtfully. He watched Brint's expression change as he changed his own. Hope, despair, hope, despair. At length Jezal spread his cards out on the table. 'Oh look. I have suns, again.' Brint's face was a picture. West gave a sigh and shook his head. Jalenhorm frowned. 'I was sure he was bluffing,' he said. 'How does he do it?' asked Kaspa, flicking a stray coin across the table. Jezal shrugged. 'It's all about the players, and nothing about the cards.' He began to scoop up the heap of silver while Brint looked on, teeth gritted, face pale. The money jingled into the bag with a pleasant sound. Pleasant to Jezal, anyway. A coin dropped from the table and fell next to Brint's boot. 'You couldn't fetch that for me could you Lieutenant?' asked Jezal, with a syrupy smile. Brint stood up quickly, knocking into the table and making the coins and glasses jump and rattle. 'I've things to do,' he said in a thick voice, then shouldered roughly past Jezal, barging him against the trunk of the tree, and strode off toward the edge of the courtyard. He disappeared into the officers' quarters, head down. 'Did you see that?' Jezal was becoming ever more indignant with each passing moment. 'Barging me like that, it's damn impolite! And me his superior officer as well! I've a good mind to put him on report!' A chorus of disapproving sounds greeted this mention of reports. 'Well, he's a bad loser is all!' Jalenhorm looked sternly out from beneath his brows. 'You shouldn't bite him so hard. He isn't rich. He can't afford to lose.' 'Well if he can't afford to lose he shouldn't play!' snapped Jezal, upset. 'Who's the one told him I was bluffing? You should keep your big mouth shut!' 'He's new here,' said West, 'he just wants to fit in. Weren't you new once?' 'What are you, my father?' Jezal remembered being new with painful clarity, and the mention of it made him feel just a little ashamed. Kaspa waved his hand. 'I'll lend him some money, don't worry' 'He won't take it,' said Jalenhorm. 'Well, that's his business.' Kaspa closed his eyes and turned his face up to the sun. 'Hot. Winter is truly over. Must be getting past midday.' 'Shit!' shouted Jezal, starting up and gathering his things. The gardener paused in his trimming of the lawn and looked over at them. 'Why didn't you say something, West?' 'What am I, your father?' asked the Major. Kaspa sniggered. 'Late again,' said Jalenhorm, blowing out his cheeks. 'The Lord Marshal will not be happy!' Jezal snatched up his fencing steels and ran for the far side of the lawn. Major West ambled after him. 'Come on!' shouted Jezal. 'I'm right behind you, Captain,' he said. 'Right behind you.' 'Jab, jab, Jezal, jab, jab!' barked Lord Marshal Varuz, whacking him on the arm with his stick. 'Ow,' yelped Jezal, and hefted the metal bar again. 'I want to see that right arm moving, Captain, darting like a snake! I want to be blinded by the speed of those hands!' Jezal made a couple more clumsy lunges with the unwieldy lump of iron. It was utter torture. His fingers, his wrist, his forearm, his shoulder, were burning with the effort. He was soaked to the skin with sweat; it flew from his face in big drops. Marshal Varuz flicked his feeble efforts away. 'Now, cut! Cut with the left!' Jezal swung the big smith's hammer at the old man's head with all the strength in his left arm. He could barely lift the damn thing on a good day. Marshal Varuz stepped effortlessly aside and whacked him in the face with the stick. 'Yow!' wailed Jezal, as he stumbled back. He fumbled the hammer and it dropped on his foot. 'Aaargh!' The iron bar clanged to the floor as he bent down to grab his screaming toes. He felt a stinging pain as Varuz whacked him across the arse, the sharp smack echoing across the courtyard, and he sprawled onto his face. 'That's pitiful!' shouted the old man. 'You are embarrassing me in front of Major West!' The Major had rocked his chair back and was shaking with muffled laughter. Jezal stared at the Marshal's immaculately polished boots, seeing no pressing need to get up. 'Up, Captain Luthar!' shouted Varuz. 'My time at least is valuable!' 'Alright! Alright!' Jezal clambered wearily to his feet and stood there swaying in the hot sun, panting for air, running with sweat. Varuz stepped close to him and sniffed at his breath. 'Have you been drinking today already?' he demanded, his grey moustaches bristling. 'And last night too, no doubt!' Jezal had no reply. 'Well damn you, then! We have work to do, Captain Luthar, and I cannot do it alone! Four months until the Contest, four months to make a master swordsman of you!' Varuz waited for a reply, but Jezal could not think of one. He was only really doing this to make his father happy, but somehow he didn't think that was what the old soldier wanted to hear, and he could do without being hit again. 'Bah!' Varuz barked in Jezal's face, and turned away, stick clenched tight behind him in both hands. 'Marshal Var—' Jezal began, but before he could finish the old soldier span around and jabbed him right in the stomach. 'Gargh,' said Jezal as he sank to his knees. Varuz stood over him. 'You are going to go on a little run for me, Captain.' 'Aaaargh.' 'You are going to run from here to the Tower of Chains. You are going to run up the tower to the parapet. We will know when you have arrived, as the Major and I will be enjoying a relaxing game of squares on the roof,' he indicated the six-storey building behind him, 'in plain view of the top of the tower. I will be able to see you with my eyeglass, so there will be no cheating this time!' and he whacked Jezal on the top of the head. 'Ow,' said Jezal, rubbing his scalp. 'Having shown yourself on the roof, you will run back. You will run as fast as you can, and I know this to be true, because if you have not returned by the time we have finished our game, you will go again.' Jezal winced. 'Major West is an excellent hand at squares, so it should take me half an hour to beat him. I suggest you begin at once.' Jezal lurched to his feet and jogged toward the archway at the far side of the courtyard, muttering curses. 'You'll need to go faster than that, Captain!' Varuz called after him. Jezal's legs were blocks of lead, but he urged them on. 'Knees up!' shouted Major West cheerily. Jezal clattered down the passageway, past a smirking porter sitting by the door, and out onto the broad avenue beyond. He jogged past the ivy-covered walls of the University, cursing the names of Varuz and West under his heaving breath, then by the near windowless mass of the House of Questions, its heavy front gate sealed tight. He passed a few colourless clerks hurrying this way and that, but the Agriont was quiet at this time of the afternoon, and Jezal saw nobody of interest until he passed into the park. Three fashionable young ladies were sitting in the shade of a spreading willow by the lake, accompanied by an elderly chaperone. Jezal upped his pace immediately, and replaced his tortured expression with a nonchalant smile. 'Ladies,' he said as he flashed past. He heard them giggling to one another behind him and silently congratulated himself, but slowed to half the speed as soon as he was out of sight. 'Varuz be damned,' he said to himself, nearly walking as he turned onto the Kingsway, but had to speed up again straight away. Crown Prince Ladisla was not twenty strides off, holding forth to his enormous, brightly coloured retinue. 'Captain Luthar!' shouted his Highness, sunlight flashing off his outrageous golden buttons, 'run for all you're worth! I have a thousand marks on you to win the Contest!' Jezal had it on good authority that the Prince had backed Bremer dan Gorst to the tune of two thousand marks, but he still bowed as low as he possibly could while running. The prince's entourage of dandies cheered and shouted halfhearted encouragements at his receding back. 'Bloody idiots,' hissed Jezal under his breath, but he would have loved to be one of them. He passed the huge stone effigies of six hundred years of High Kings on his right, the statues of their loyal retainers, slightly smaller, on his left. He nodded to the great Magus Bayaz just before he turned into the Square of Marshals, but the wizard frowned back as disapprovingly as ever, the awe-inspiring effect only slightly diminished by a streak of white pigeon shit on his stony cheek. With the Open Council in session the square was almost empty, and Jezal was able to amble over to the gate of the Halls Martial. A thick set sergeant nodded to him as he passed through, and Jezal wondered whether he might be from his own company—the common soldiers all looked the same, after all. He ignored the man and ran on between the towering white buildings. 'Perfect,' muttered Jezal. Jalenhorm and Kaspa were sitting by the door to the Tower of Chains, smoking pipes and laughing. The bastards must have guessed that he'd be coming this way. 'For honour, and glory!' bellowed Kaspa, rattling his sword in its scabbard as Jezal ran by. 'Don't keep the Lord Marshal waiting!' he shouted from behind, and Jezal heard the big man roaring with amusement. 'Bloody idiots,' panted Jezal, shouldering open the heavy door, breath rasping as he started up the steep spiral staircase. It was one of the highest towers in the Agriont: there were two hundred and ninety-one steps in all. 'Bloody steps,' he cursed to himself. By the time he reached the hundredth his legs were burning and his chest was heaving. By the time he reached the twohundredth he was a wreck. He walked the rest of the way, every footfall torture, and eventually burst out through a turret onto the roof and leaned on the parapet, blinking in the sudden brightness. To the south the city was spread out below him, an endless carpet of white houses stretching all around the glittering bay. In the other direction, the view over the Agriont was even more impressive. A great confusion of magnificent buildings piled one upon the other, broken up by green lawns and great trees, circled by its wide moat and its towering wall, studded with a hundred lofty towers. The Kingsway sliced straight through the centre toward the Lords' Round, its bronze dome shining in the sunlight. The tall spires of the University stood behind, and beyond them loomed the grim immensity of the House of the Maker, rearing high over all like a dark mountain, casting its long shadow across the buildings below. Jezal fancied that he saw the sun glint on Marshal Varuz' eyeglass in the distance. He cursed once again and made for the stairs. Jezal was immensely relieved when he finally made it to the roof and saw that there were still a few white pieces on the board. Marshal Varuz frowned up at him. 'You are very lucky. The Major has put up an exceptionally determined defence.' A smile broke West's features. 'You must somehow have earned his respect, even if you have yet to win mine.' Jezal bent over with his hands on his knees, blowing hard and dripping sweat onto the floor. Varuz took the long case from the table, walked over to Jezal and flipped it open. 'Show us your forms.' Jezal took the short steel in his left hand and the long in his right. They felt light as feathers after the heavy iron. Marshal Varuz backed away a step. 'Begin.' He snapped into the first form, right arm extended, left close to the body. The blades swished and weaved through the air, glittering in the afternoon sun as Jezal moved from one familiar stance to the next with a practised smoothness. At length he was finished, and he let the steels drop to his sides. Varuz nodded. 'The Captain has fast hands, has he not?' 'Truly excellent,' said Major West, smiling broadly. 'A damn sight better than ever I was.' The Lord Marshal was less impressed. 'Your knees are too far bent in the third form, and you must strive for more extension on the left arm in the fourth, but otherwise,' he paused, 'passable.' Jezal breathed a sigh of relief. That was high praise indeed. 'Hah!' shouted the old man, striking him in the ribs with the end of the case. Jezal sank to the floor, hardly able to breathe. 'Your reflexes need work, though, Captain. You should always be ready. Always. If you have steels in your hands, you damn well keep them up.' 'Yes, sir,' croaked Jezal. And your stamina is a disgrace, you are blowing like a carp. I have it on good authority that Bremer dan Gorst runs ten miles a day, and barely shows a sweat.' Marshal Varuz leaned down over him. 'From now on you will do the same. Oh yes. A circuit of the wall of the Agriont every morning at six, followed by an hour of sparring with Major West, who has been kind enough to agree to act as your partner. I am confident that he will point up all the little weaknesses in your technique.' Jezal winced and rubbed his aching ribs. 'As for the carousing, I want an end to it. I am all for revelry in its proper place, but there will be time for celebration after the Contest, providing you have worked hard enough to win. Until then, clean living is what we need. Do you understand me, Captain Luthar?' He leaned down further, pronouncing every word with great care. 'Clean. Living. Captain.' 'Yes, Marshal Varuz,' mumbled Jezal. Six hours later he was drunker than shit. Laughing like a lunatic he plunged out into the street, head spinning. The cold air slapped him hard in the face, the mean little buildings weaved and swayed, the ill-lit road tipped like a sinking ship. Jezal wrestled manfully with the urge to vomit, took a swaggering step out into the street, turned to face the door. Smeary bright light and loud sounds of laughter and shouting washed out at him. A ragged shape flew from the tavern and struck him in the chest. Jezal grappled with it desperately, then fell. He hit the ground with a bone-jarring crash. The world was dark for a moment, then he found himself squashed into the dirt with Kaspa on top of him. 'Damn it!' he gurgled, tongue thick and clumsy in his mouth. He shoved the giggling Lieutenant away with his elbow, rolled over and lurched up, stumbling about as the street see-sawed around him. Kaspa lay on his back in the dirt, choking with laughter, reeking of cheap booze and sour smoke. Jezal made a lame attempt to brush the dirt from his uniform. There was a big wet patch on his chest that smelled of beer. 'Damn it!' he mumbled again. 'When had that happened?' He became aware of some shouting on the other side of the road. Two men grappling in a doorway. Jezal squinted hard, strained against the gloom. A big man had hold of some well-dressed fellow, and seemed to be tying his hands behind his back. Now he was forcing some kind of bag over his head. Jezal blinked in disbelief. It was far from a reputable area, but this seemed somewhat strong. The door of the tavern banged open and West and Jalenhorm came out, deep in drunken conversation, something about someone's sister. Bright light cut across the street and illuminated the two struggling men starkly. The big one was dressed all in black, with a mask over the lower part of his face. He had white hair, white eyebrows, skin white as milk. Jezal stared at the white devil across the road, and he glared back with narrowed pink eyes. 'Help!' It was the fellow with the bag on his head, his voice shrill with fear. 'Help, I am—' The white man dealt him a savage blow in the midriff and he folded up with a sigh. 'You there!' shouted West. Jalenhorm was already rushing across the street. 'What?' said Kaspa, propped up on his elbows in the road. Jezal's mind was full of mud, but his feet seemed to be following Jalenhorm, so he stumbled along with them, feeling very sick. West came behind him. The white ghost started up and turned to stand between them and his prisoner. Another man moved briskly out of the shadows, tall and thin, dressed all in black and masked, but with long greasy hair. He held up a gloved hand. 'Gentlemen,' his whining commoner's voice was muffled by his mask, 'gentlemen please, we're on the Bang's business!' 'The King conducts his business in the day-time,' growled Jalenhorm. The new arrival's mask twitched slightly as he smiled. 'That's why he needs us for the night-time stuff, eh, friend?' 'Who is this man?' West was pointing at the fellow with the bag on his head. The prisoner was struggling up again. 'I am Sepp dan—oof!' The white monster silenced him with a heavy fist in the face, knocking him limp into the road. Jalenhorm put a hand on the hilt of his sword, jaw clenching, and the white ghost loomed forward with a terrible speed. Close up he was even more massive, alien, and terrifying. Jalenhorm took an involuntary step back, stumbled on the rutted surface of the road and pitched onto his back with a crash. Jezal's head was thumping. 'Back!' bellowed West. His sword whipped out of its scabbard with a faint ringing. 'Thaaaaah!' hissed the monster, fists clenched like two big white rocks. 'Aargh,' gurgled the man with the bag on his head. Jezal's heart was in his mouth. He looked at the thin man. The thin man's eyes smiled back. How could anyone smile at a time like this? Jezal was surprised to see that he had a long, ugly knife in his hand. Where did that come from? He fumbled drunkenly for his sword. 'Major West!' came a voice from the shadows down the street, Jezal paused, uncertain, steel halfway out. Jalenhorm scrambled to his feet, the back of his uniform crusted with mud, pulled out his own sword. The pale monster stared at them unblinking, not retreating a finger's breadth. 'Major West!' came the voice again, accompanied now by a clicking, scraping sound. West's face had turned pale. A figure emerged from the shadows, limping badly, cane tapping on the dirt. His broad-brimmed hat obscured the upper part of his face, but his mouth was twisted into a strange smile. Jezal noticed with a sudden wave of nausea that his four front teeth were missing. He shuffled towards them, ignoring all the naked steel, and offered his free hand to West. The Major slowly sheathed his sword, took the hand and shook it limply. 'Colonel Glokta?' he asked in a husky voice. 'Your humble servant, though I'm no longer an army man. I'm with the King's Inquisition now.' He reached up slowly and removed his hat. His face was deathly pale, deeply lined, close-cropped hair scattered with grey. His eyes stared out feverish bright from deep, dark rings, the left one noticeably narrower than the right, pink-rimmed and glistening wet. 'And these are my assistants, Practicals Severard,' the lanky one gave a mockery of a bow, 'and Frost.' The white monster jerked the prisoner to his feet with one hand. 'Hold on,' said Jalenhorm, stepping forward, but the Inquisitor put a gentle hand on his arm. 'This man is a prisoner of His Majesty's Inquisition, Lieutenant Jalenhorm.' The big man paused, surprised to be called by name. 'I realise your motives are of the best, but he is a criminal, a traitor. I have a warrant for him, signed by Arch Lector Sult himself. He is most unworthy of your assistance, believe me.' Jalenhorm frowned and stared balefully at Practical Frost. The pale devil looked terrified. About as terrified as a stone. He hauled the prisoner over his shoulder without apparent effort and turned up the street. The one called Severard smiled with his eyes, sheathed his knife, bowed again and followed his companion, whistling tunelessly as he sauntered off. The Inquisitor's left eyelid began to flutter and tears rolled down his pale cheek. He wiped it carefully on the back of his hand. 'Please forgive me. Honestly. It's coming to something when a man can't control his own eyes, eh? Damn weeping jelly. Sometimes I think I should just have it out, and make do with a patch.' Jezal's stomach roiled. 'How long has it been, West? Seven years? Eight?' A muscle was working on the side of the Major's head. 'Nine.' 'Imagine that. Nine years. Can you believe it? It seems like only yesterday. It was on the ridge, wasn't it, where we parted?' 'On the ridge, yes.' 'Don't worry, West, I don't blame you in the least.' Glokta slapped the Major warmly on the arm. 'Not for that, anyway. You tried to talk me out of it, I remember. I had time enough to think about it in Gurkhul, after all. Lots of time to think. You were always a good friend to me. And now young Collem West, a Major in the King's Own, imagine that.' Jezal had not the slightest idea what they were talking about. He wanted only to be sick, then go to bed. Inquisitor Glokta turned toward him with a smile, displaying once again the hideous gap in his teeth. 'And this must be Captain Luthar, for whom everyone has such high hopes in the coming Contest. Marshal Varuz is a hard master, is he not?' He waved his cane weakly at Jezal. 'Jab, jab, eh, Captain? Jab, jab.' Jezal felt his bile rising. He coughed and looked down at his feet, willing the world to remain motionless. The Inquisitor looked around expectantly at each of them in turn. West looked pale. Jalenhorm mud-stained and sulky. Kaspa was still sitting in the road. None of them had anything to say. Glokta cleared his throat. 'Well, duty calls,' he bowed stiffly, 'but I hope to see you all again. Very soon.' Jezal found himself hoping he never saw the man again. 'Perhaps we might fence again sometime?' muttered Major West. Glokta gave a good natured laugh. 'Oh, I would enjoy that, West, but I find that I'm ever so slightly crippled these days. If you're after a fight, I'm sure that Practical Frost could oblige you,' he looked over at Jalenhorm, 'but I must warn you, he doesn't fight like a gentleman. I wish you all a pleasant evening.' He placed his hat back on his head then turned slowly and shuffled off down the dingy street. The three officers watched him limp away in an interminable, awkward silence. Kaspa finally stumbled over. 'What was all that about?' he asked. 'Nothing,' said West through gritted teeth. 'Best we forget it ever happened.' 
